+1 Thats a very sexy way of getting days within a range!
I've noticed this lag time also. Its really annoying when you go to /usr/bin to tell firefox what app to use to open a file and it lags for 10 seconds.
You can use the new function that's available on the File class (I believe it's only available in AIR 2) eg:
What code are you using to add the buttons programmatically?
I'm asserting that cloning a VM doesn't constituent easy to do" regardless of your skill set as running the app then ends up being a pain. Others thresholds for "easy" may differ but I don't think (without evidence) enough will to matter."
This will recalculate the number of words whenever you stop typing for a while (specifically, ms). Enjoy!
it's just a user upload a file.
what is 1" after $month?"
What are you trying to sort? Is there any reason not to use: I'm sure this uses QuickSort and you don't have to worry about making any coding errors. You can implement IComparable to change what you want to sort on. If all your data doesn't fit in memory... well the you're off to the races with Merge sort or something along those lines.
This is how you find the arc length given the parameter, but finding equidistant points requires the inverse of this function. Getting from one to the other is not trivial. @Christian Romo: how did you do it? I mean, you can just use binary search, but that would be horribly slow (for what I'm trying to do, anyway).
I have a file in the form If I try to splot such file, gnuplot intended it as a surface, and the result is very awful (because the endpoint of a line is close to the endpoint of next line, not to the first point). How can I plot them as different lines (as every line was in a different file)?
first question here. I'm developing a program in C# (.NET 3.5) that displays files in a listview. I'd like to have the large icon" view display the icon that Windows Explorer uses for that filetype, otherwise I'll have to use some existing code like this: The above code returns an integer that is used to select an icon from an imagelist that I populated with some common icons. It works fine but I'd need to add every extension under the sun! Is there a better way? Thanks!"
Having How to convert a to a ?
+100 for this :-) you made my day!! When writing the question I was not sure if it was related to Brook's mythicalman month" and skipped it. Here I go ... and it's persisted for eternity on stackoverflow :-) I am really "rofl" that stackoverflow can answ"
Try using OAuth (open authentication)
How can I use the for a UIView?
@NoBugs a NullPointerException can be thrown for 1000 reasons. Are you sure you load the .wav correctly? Are you sure it is in the right path? IIRC, the .wav file should be inside the compiled jar. Although I might be terribly wrong.
I'm looking for experiences with deploying Crystal reports (the basic version, bundled with VS2008) into a production environment. Are there any restrictions? Does it limit the number of concurrent users? Other than downloading and installing the CRRedist2008_x86.msi on the production server, anything to worry about? (And judging from the comments here and other places, yes it would be better to find another solution, but unless there's something free that works with VS2008/IIS6, we're stuck with it for now).
I added an example of how to use the wrapText function. Good luck with your project!
If you are not completely allergic to Perl, then comes with a tool named that can split a document, producing well-formed XML section. You can split on a level of the tree, by size or on an XPath expression.
Excellent answer, worked for me.
I have a query that has approx 20 columns and I would like to export this to an Excel file with the column headers. I thought this would be easy to figure out but no luck! I searched the web and found one suggestion that did not end up working so I am stuck. Anyone have any working ideas? Thanks,
done... stackoverflow makes you wait several minutes. I really hate that
Currently the msbuild logs for team build are appalling as they are just plain text and are very difficult to read. Also the ones created by my build are approx 30Mb and take quite a while to download (our TFS server is in our datacentre). Does anyone know any way of being able to view these logs easier, prefereably integrated with either TFS itself or TFS WebAccess?
it's possible do it in winforms?
Oh the horror! Try `page.php#iframe_id` as the target.
You should really take a look at sprox ( ). It builds on RESTController, is very straight forward, well documented (imo), generates forms and validation magically" from your database and leaves you with a minimum of code to write. I really enjoy working with it. Hope that helps you :)"
How do you train Neural Network for pattern recognition? For example a face recognition in a picture how would you define the output neurons? (eg. how to detect where is the face exactly, rather than just saying that there is a face in camera). Also, how about detecting multiple faces and different size of faces? If anyone could give me a pointer it would be really great Cheers!
I am really desperate :(
I really despise SWFObject for this very reason. Maybe you could give a try
Well, not free. But we have had very good results with Nevron. Their support is excellent as well. Another good option is TeeCharts.
Google says: 1 nibbles per nanosecond = 476.837158 megabytes per second In other words: Yes, very worried indeed.
That's what I was thinking, but I am afraid it will bring confusion to the structure. I will need to add Set children" field to parent class which should not be used anywhere in the code, only for hibernate cascade deletion. Do you think it is ok?"
I was afraid of that!
This code is scary :(
When you call su" you're creating a new process that runs that command, so after running exec("su") you have a new process with SU rights. You can't give your already running application SU rights I'm afraid! I'm not sure how other applications do this, but you can run "su -l ls /data" and then read from the outputstream of the process."
I have a Django application built in our shop and currently we are moving to production that will run a apache web server. The application will run on multiple webservers Due to load issues. Now, I'm really worried since it's running multiple webservers. Issue - The application generates unique ids for session management and maintains it locally. Now, if a user goes to webservers-a and creates A unique id and then in the next request goes to webservers-b he will be invalidated because the unique id created for him will be local to webservers-a. How can I fix this issue?
In general, how expensive is locking in Java? Specifically in my case: I have a multi-threaded app in which there is one main loop that takes objects off a DelayQueue and processes them (using poll()). At some point a different thread will have to remove errant elements from the queue (using remove()). Given that the remove() is relatively uncommon, I am worried that locking on each poll() will result in slow code. Are my worries justified?
I need from document object or from a DOM element (i.e. a DIV) to know which is its window object. In Firefox I can do: but obviously in that AWFUL browser that statement not work!!!
but i'm afraid the cacheobject would get gc'ed not the data it caches.
If I plan to use data caching do I have to worry about conflicts when also using deferred loading? It seems that with linq i am losing control of my data.
I'm afraid you cannot fetch that!The Graph API don't provide any API to do so.
I was afraid of that!
that what i was afraid of ! cause my knowledge about ajax is zero :(
I'm only generating the AutoGeneratedClass. The GenericClass and its GenericHandler() method are hand-coded in a different assembly from the AutoGeneratedClass altogether. So I'm afraid this won't work.
I want to change an image of an UIImageView from the applicationDidFinishLaunching method of the app delegate class. But I am afraid that this class doesnt know much about the controller outlet. What must I do in this case?
You need to or if you target Windows Phone 8.1.And port you code to DirectX 11 the call is . It will be painful! You will still use this feature level.
I'm working on a webservice + AJAX interface, and I'm worried about authentication. This moment I'm passing username and password to the webservice as arguments, but I fear that this approach is highly insecure. I was told that ssl could solve my problem, but I want more alternatives. My webservice is written in php and my interface is in php + AJAX. The webservice receives arguments from POST or GET and retreives xml (in a future maybe I'll use JSON)
FEAR!!!!!!!!!!!
No, and I would be very afraid if there was.
As a dev I worry about event logs getting full and then hitting an error when logging an error. But I suppose you have to deal with 'logging' failures with whatever you are logging to (file/db).
To be honest I don't even know where to start. I guess the solution might entail using a zillion IIf statements. I'm fairly new to this I'm afraid!
Its Ajax, I dunno anything about it. And looking at the link which you have given seems very scary to understand and implement.
I running an exe from a .NET app and trying to redirect standard out to a streamreader. The problem is that when I do myprocess.exe >> out.txt out.txt is close to 14mb. When I do the command line version it is very fast but when I run the process from my csharp app it is excruciatingly slow because I believe the default streamreader flushes every 4096 bytes. Is there a way to change the default stream reader for the Process object?
I'm cleaning up the CSS on a fairly large (and somewhat disorganized) website. Is there a simple way (or a piece of software) that will let me find, for example, all the a" tags that are within "h3" tags? Or all the "spans" that are within "p" tags? I want to modify some of these CSS rules but I'm afraid I'll break something hidden somewhere. Any advice?"
A copy of an infinitely long string terrifies me!
It's scary that there is no way, but I must agree because it's fact.
When I click on Memcache Viewer the whole dashboard crashes and I have to login again. This is really worrying me as we are serving data to many users. A server error has occurred. Is there a way to see the internal logs? I can't see anything in nor . Is there any other way to reset the Memcache?
Standard LAMP config. As the guy said below, I imagine the file is just not being delivered correctly or something. Just worried something is breaking for my users!
Scary question!
A colleague recently asked me how to deep-clone a Map and I realized that I probably have never used the clone() method- which worries me. What are the most common scenarios you have found where you need to clone an object?
Sorting the hashes is also a possibility that I have considered. I'm a bit concerned about memory usage, but I'll worry about that later.